add instruction on node --require (#9932)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/node/index.mdx

## Configure

Sentry should be initialized as early in your app as possible. It is essential that you call `Sentry.init` before you require any other modules in your application — otherwise, auto-instrumentation of these modules will _not_ work.

Once this is done, Sentry's Node SDK captures unhandled exceptions as well as tracing data for your application.

> Therefore, we recommend to create a file named `instrument.js` that imports and initializes Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend creating a file named `instrument.js` that imports and initializes Sentry.
```

## Configure

> Sentry should be initialized as early in your app as possible. It is essential that you call `Sentry.init` before you require any other modules in your application — otherwise, auto-instrumentation of these modules will _not_ work.

Author: Thanks, fixed

Once this is done, Sentry's Node SDK captures unhandled exceptions as well as tracing data for your application.

We recommend creating a file named `instrument.js` that imports and initializes Sentry.

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-config" />

If you set a `tracesSampleRate`, performance instrumentation will automatically be enabled for you. See <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation">Automatic Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn about all the things that the SDK automatically instruments for you.

> You can also manually capture performance data — see <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation">Custom Instrumentation</PlatformLink> for details.

Author: Fixed

Once this is done, Sentry's Node SDK captures unhandled exceptions as well as tracing data for your application.

> Therefore, we recommend to create a file named `instrumentation.js` that imports and initializes Sentry.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick regarding line 36 and 46 in this file: Can you change the dash to an [em dash](https://www.thepunctuationguide.com/em-dash.html)?
